What do you think of this fish?
It's really sobering.
Three Clouds
Cover your hands for rain
Master, could it be that you have broken through?
How much do you think?
I've been stuck in a qi training period for 10,000 years
That's okay.
Anyway, master, you are already the number one in the world
You don't need to practice anymore
Not to mention
The disciple you handed over has been proud for nine days
Really?
Sister Lan was just an orchid back then
Tao Fa 3000
It's good to simplify complexity.
Just because of St. Nicholas
It will bear fruit
And the new emperor of the demon clan
Poor little guy
Cat born nine tails
Destiny is done
From now on, I am the king of this demon world
A little feral cat.
But I got a wisp of your breath
He became the new emperor of the demon clan
And the orphan you saved 1,000 years ago
You are born into poverty
Dependent waste
You actually tried to rob me of Muse
Do you want to get rid of this waste as soon as possible?
Two bosses
How dare you bully my disciple
Master size
Hahahahaha
An embellishment for qi training
It's enough to kill you
For Redleaf
Emperor Cheng angrily killed the Nine Heavenly Realms Lord
Break the world
But it also leaves the emergency
Every thousand years, they fall asleep.
And for the order of the nine heavens
After Ye Chen's promotion
It became a matter of course
Yang's human race heaven and earth
It won't be long
You will also be promoted to emperor like them
Standing proudly in nine days
And I'm about to go back to business as usual.
Fall into a deep sleep
Master, Xiaobai is also leaving.
Hope to take care of your health
Hahahaha
We've waited 1,000 years.
Finally got this opportunity